v6.5.4 rocksdb.*cf: supply descriptions on `ttl` and `periodic-compaction-seconds`. (#13980) (#15131) (#15201)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.5.4.md

## Compatibility changes

- To fix the issue that TiDB consumes too much memory when using `Cursor Fetch` to fetch a large result set, TiDB automatically writes the result set to the disk to release memory [#43233](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/43233) @[YangKeao](https://github.com/YangKeao)

> - Disable periodic compaction of RocksDB by default, so that the default behavior of TiKV RocksDB is now consistent with that in versions before v6.5.0. This change prevents potential performance impact caused by a significant number of compactions after upgrading. In addition, TiKV introduces two new configuration items [`rocksdb.[defaultcf|writecf|lockcf].periodic-compaction-seconds`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#periodic-compaction-seconds-new-in-v654) and [`rocksdb.[defaultcf|writecf|lockcf].ttl`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#ttl-new-in-v654), enabling you to manually configure periodic compaction of RocksDB [#15355](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15355) @[LykxSassinator](https://github.com/LykxSassinator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable periodic compaction of RocksDB by default, so that the default behavior of TiKV RocksDB is now consistent with that in versions before v6.5.0. This change prevents potential performance impact caused by a significant number of compactions after upgrading. In addition, TiKV introduces two new configuration items [`rocksdb.[defaultcf|writecf|lockcf].periodic-compaction-seconds`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/tikv-configuration-file#periodic-compaction-seconds-new-in-v654) and [`rocksdb.[defaultcf|writecf|lockcf].ttl`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/tikv-configuration-file#ttl-new-in-v654), enabling you to manually configure periodic compaction of RocksDB [#15355](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15355) @[LykxSassinator](https://github.com/LykxSassinator)
```
